this is a video on the msi GS
so this is our thin and light gaming
laptop that's equipped with the gtx 1060
but before i begin after mention the
fact that this video was made possible
by nvidia they partnered with me and
sent me the laptop for review so first a
quick unboxing here when you open it up
you get the laptop itself the AC adapter
and some paperwork aesthetically it's
not too different from the GS 6c from
last year it's thinner and lighter but
the top surface is still aluminum the
bottom panel is also aluminum but it has
this micro suede type material the idea
is that allows you to use the device on
your lap without a metal panel getting
super hot you can access the internals
by removing some screws but the only
thing you can easily swap out is the two
and a half inch hard drive the RAM slots
and the m2 drive bay are upgradable but
there on the other side of the
motherboard you'll need to disassemble
it a bit more to get access the chassis
is a magnesium lithium alloy the
exterior paneling though is aluminum
there's a bit of flex on these panels
and the same thing goes with the
keyboard area but for a laptop this thin
at seventeen point seven millimeters is
pretty solid the hinge also feels pretty
well made with proper tension the GS 63
is packed with ports on the Left we have
Ethernet and SD slot three USB threes
and separate audio jacks on the right we
have a USB two Thunderbolt 3 and some
display outputs the power button is up
near the front and I was actually
worried I would accidentally turn it on
or off all the time but has never
happened not even once so I don't think
it's an issue the keyboard has
SteelSeries lighting they aren't
individually lit keys you adjust the
lighting in zones
it's very configurable there's tons of
colors to choose from the keyboard
itself feels really nice it has a 10 key
number pad so it has that leftward shift
but it has good key travel and it's very
nice to type on despite being such a
thin chassis the touchpad is less
awesome it's a textured plastic surface
I don't find the tracking to be as
smooth as I'd like it to be and the
button clicks feel pretty shallow it is
a gaming laptop though so he'll probably
have a mouse connected there's a 4k
panel option but the display on this
unit is at an DP
IPS panel it's a matte finish with good
viewing angles contrast and brightness
color accuracy out of the box is good
and it can be tuned with the included
software there's also no noticeable
light bleed on the panel they did a
really good job this year the 1080p
webcam up top looks like this the
speakers are not located above the
keyboard despite the grill being there
they're actually underneath the laptop
they sound pretty standard for a laptop
this thin they get loud but they have
pretty weak base the drive speeds are
also pretty standard it has a SATA stick
in the empty slot and a SATA hard drive
but you can upgrade both of them the m2
slot can take a much faster a PCIe stick
ok let's talk about gaming performance
it uses a sky like 6700 HQ chip and the
new Pascal based GeForce GTX 1060 chip
in moderately demanding games like
overwatch I'm comfortably hitting 95
frames per second on epic settings at
1080p something a little heavier like
doom we're looking at 75 frames per
second on Ultra settings at 1080p I
never saw it dip below 60 frames per
second once something even more
demanding like fallout 4 on Ultra
settings I'm hovering around 60 frames
per second something like GTA 5 on Ultra
settings we're looking at mid to high
40s you'll need to lower the graphics to
medium high to hit the 50 60 frames per
second the bottom line is this if you
want to play games at 1080p the GTX 1060
is going to give you amazing performance
it's gonna run at high frame rates with
beautiful visuals a virtual reality also
runs nicely on this laptop
Pascal runs VR at three times the speed
of the previous generation so the GTX
1060 handles VR comfortably I played
around with VR funhouse & subnautica
both of them had a very smooth
experience it's crazy that I'm getting
this kind of performance on a laptop
this thin and this Lite video edits are
also fast
this entire 4k video was edited and
rendered on this laptop and it's
actually the fastest laptop I've used to
edit a video it's faster than 960 m97 M
faster than 980 m this thing pushes a
crazy performance the GS 63 has three
fans and five heat pipes fan noise on
idle is quiet and even under load is not
crazy loud but thermally it's
surprisingly well cooled and comfortable
to use because the micro suede material
and the location of the three fans keep
the contact areas cool if you want you
can use the
sigh software to crank the fans to max
and the temperatures will be lower it
uses a hundred eighty watt adapter to
charge a 65 watt our battery takes
around 2 hours to charge up from empty
and with regular use I'm getting around
three and a half four hours of battery
life playing games it's closer to an
hour ok recap of the msi gs70 dollars us
it's an aluminum build with pretty good
build quality it has a bright 1080p
screen with good color accuracy it has a
great keyboard but a not-so-great
trackpad inside the skylake i7 and the
gtx 1060 deliver amazing performance
with comfortable temperatures and fan
noise these 16 gigs of ram and the two
drives are upgradable but only the two
and a half inch drive is easy to access
and then there's a 65 watt hour battery
that gets you around three and a half
hours of regular use so the msi gs70
powerful laptop for its size mostly
because of the gtx 1060 Pascal delivers
such a big jump and performance from the
previous generation it's kind of crazy
you're getting desktop gaming
performance in a laptop never been done
before
but it's finally here if you want more
information about Pascal or about the
GTX lineup check the link in the
description below hope you guys liked
this video thumbs have you liked it subs
if you loved it it's been nice see you
guys next time